you're right guys it's Capcom Tom here
and welcome to episode number 30 of my
next-gen FIFA 14 road to glory and what
you may think straight away is that's
not xbox one you're playing that's
xbox360 and you'd be right now I'm going
to explain all of that in depth in a
minute I'm not really going to be
talking about what I'm doing in the
episode I will just be doing a standard
road to glory episode you know putting
players in building up the Bundesliga
team as we always are at the moment
start off by playing with the BPL squad
and then move on to the Bundesliga team
for the second two games but I won't
really be talking about that anyway
Before we jump into the commentary if
you want to get some Ultimate Team Coins
go check out battle aecom their link
will be down in the description a fast
cheap and reliable coin service any of
you will use the discount code TCAP gun
you'll get 5% off all your purchases so
definitely worth buying your coins from
then so what's this all about I hear you
ask well I've been using xbox one
probably since well I got it on the
release day and I've always had problems
with it now it's not a problem that's
with the Xbox one console is actually
with my internet now I live in a
countryside as many of you know
therefore there are a few people and we
don't get real priority when it comes to
you know the phone company putting in
new broadband lines so we're still stuck
with a really slow horrible internet
speed and that's always been a problem
for me obviously being a youtuber now
it's never really affected me all that
much you know I have to upload my videos
over the night and just so that they go
up and they don't interrupt everyone
else using the internet etc etc and I've
always found workarounds but I have
actually come to a point where I can't
find a workaround for this problem and
the problem is that the Xbox one uses up
more internet than the Xbox 360 FIFA 14
and therefore I can't play it during the
day now I can't actually play the game
at all at the moment I cannot play it at
any time of the day before you're
probably wondering but you've got loads
of Xbox one footage on your channel what
happened was was you know I've got my
xbox one on release day I was like great
let's go on FIFA 14 let's play it
couldn't play it couldn't find an
opponent had raid latency for every game
and if I ever did manage to match up
against someone
it was unplayable like the lag was
ridiculous we're talking like probably
the best part of minutes to get through
about three minutes
actual in gameplay which is just
ridiculous just stuttering the whole
time and completely unplayable now the
workaround I found was to actually stay
up until two o'clock in the morning so
I've been working from two o'clock until
six o'clock in the morning every single
day to bring you you know episodes of
road to glory on the Xbox one because at
night there's less people in the area
using the Internet and therefore the
Internet company which for me is sky and
actually stop limiting how much
bandwidth you get so I had more internet
during the night and therefore I could
use it now just in the run-up to
Christmas and over the new year I've
been trying to get on between 2:00 and 6
o'clock in the morning and no matter
what time I play on the Xbox one my
internet is just not fast enough anymore
I don't know what to do and there is
nothing I can do about it
so that puts me in a bit of a problem
because this is a next-gen fifa14 rotary
and if I'm playing on xbox360 is that's
the only console I can play now it's not
really next-gen is it so what I'm
thinking is that I'm actually going to
stop the series after this episode so
we've got two episode number 30 I think
we've done pretty well I'm gonna end up
with a record of about 64 20 losses
which isn't too bad we've built some
really nice teams and you know I think
that it's probably about time that we
ended just have to stop because that is
an absolutely amazing goal by Lucas they
go back and reward we watch that if you
miss it lovely bicycle kick from him now
I know that's actually going to be
disappointing to some of you that I'm
going to end the series here but what
I'm going to say is that I will put this
series on hiatus therefore I will leave
the account exactly how it is now so it
will have our three teams exactly the
way we leave it at the end of this
episode and then when I finally get my
xbox one problem sorted out I will of
course start it up again if that's what
you want to see and if that is what you
want to see leave a comment down in the
comment section or hit the like button
some way of telling me that you want
this series to continue because if you
don't want to see it anymore I can quite
happily stop it and do something else
and now you're probably wondering how am
I going to fix you know me having bad
internet that's impossible well
the simplest solution is for me to move
and that is what's actually happening
it's not because of the internet problem
or partly of it is but the real reason
I'm moving is because I'm moving in with
my girlfriend I'm actually moving to
Northland and not going to tell you
exactly where I'm going to move because
I don't want people banging on my door
and but I'm going to be moving to North
London therefore I will have good
internet finally my Xbox one will work
I'll be able to get footage on the Xbox
one I'll be able to play the game I'll
be able to enjoy it I'll be able to work
during the day as well that'll be the
biggest thing the fact that I'll be able
to work night during daylight hours at
the moment I'd like work from 2:00 until
6:00 wake up or like like 2:00 in the
afternoon and then start editing videos
and uploading us it's a bit of a
nightmare to be honest and I'm quite
excited to be moving so the idea is that
once I move I have good internet I'll be
able to play Xbox one I can bring this
series back if you want me to but it's
totally up to you so leave comments down
in the comment section if you want to
see that also for other videos just so
you're aware I'll still have the same
problem with the Xbox one so I won't be
able to get any Xbox one footage and
that includes things like path to perish
that's going to be going on Xbox 360
until I move you know like the likes of
squad builders anything that has
gameplay in it basically is going to be
filmed on the Xbox one just because
that's all I can play I will have doing
things like pack openings and squad
builder sections on my xbox one because
they look pretty cool it's just
literally playing the game that I can't
do so I will of course get all of that
sorted and yeah hopefully the channel
will be a little bit more interesting
once I'm back on next-gen anyway guys I
hope you have enjoyed this series and
you can see that I got absolutely pasted
in last two games in this series and got
beat 5-1 but if you had a look at the
stats which I did show on screen and you
would have seen that I actually deserved
to probably smash the guy and in the
other game you know I lost 4-1 but it
was quite an even contest you know but
anyway here's the three teams on the
screen just so you can remind yourself
of what we've done what we've managed to
accomplish throughout this series and
it's been a lot of fun I hope you guys
have enjoyed it I want to say thank you
to well to all of you for watching the
series and but um now I'm going to stop
talking like the video have you've
enjoyed it subscribe if you're new to
the
and yeah hope you've all enjoyed see you
later